Hello everyone and welcome to this python tutorial.
In this video we are going to compare our test statistics with our schema.
The idea is very simple.
We are going to take our statistics generated based on our test set and compare it with our schema and
the functions that we are going to use to do that are going to output all differences or anomalies detected
when using tensor flow data validation package.
Any difference between test set and schema is called an anomaly.
The thing that we have to compare is the test sets that this takes with our schema.
So in the first free cell let's define a variable called anomalies and said that to be equal to DV dot
validate statistics in this function validated statistics takes two arguments.
Our statistics that we generated based on our test set for example and our schema as a second argument.
So let's write statistics is equal to test stats that we generated in the previous video.
And for the second argument provide our scheme and now this function will compare our test set and our
dataset or our schema in the deck all anomalies or differences between those two to make it more user
friendly than the flow data validation.
Developers have created a function called display anomalies.
Let's use that to display anomalies if any detected in our test set right.
T of DV dot display anomalies and provide the anomalies that you generated as you can see we don't have
any numbers in the test set.
How cool is this library.
This was great so far but you and I don't have any experience with cases that are normally appeared
in the data set for example.
So let's generate some anomalies in the rest of this video before we do that.
Let's go through some common anomalies detected in the dataset.
For example if you have a value lower than 10 and you've got an input larger in that that this is going
to be your message or if you expect an end but got the string.
This is going to be your anomaly.
Now let's drop a column and see how DV handles that to start with our second part of this video.
Let's create a copy of the test set.
So we don't have to perform any changes on the original one let's add the new code so as we discussed
before our suit column is our target column that we want to predict.
And since that is the case we shouldn't be expecting it in our test set for example.
So let's drop it.
Write test copy out the drop and provide the column name suit.
In the second argument is our X's said that to be one.
And lastly set in place is equal to true at this point.
We have the test set without the suit column so let's check how DV handles that problem.
To start with our check generates statistics based on our test set copy let's define test set copy stats
is equal to DV that generate statistics from data frame.
But now for the data frame provide test set copy.
Execute the cell and now that we have our statistics let us generate anomalies define anomalies new
is equal to T of the v dot validate statistics for the first argument provide our newly created statistics
so let's copy our test set copy stats and for the second argument provide those schema and lastly let's
display our anomalies right.
T of DV the display anomalies and provide anomalies new and now we have totally different report saying
that our column is dropped.
The column is completely missing.
As you can see t of DV successfully detected the change that we made in the next video we are going
to improve our schema to be able to handle this situation for now.
If you have any questions or comments please post them in the comments section otherwise I'll see in
the next tutorial.